STEVE:
Previously, on Hawaii Five-O...
What do you
want from him!
Gabriel wants me
to transfer all my assets
to a holding company
he controls.
(gunshot)
Gabriel got away with the money
that was meant to buy
his freedom from the Yakuza.
Without it, we're both dead.
It's not that I don't love you.
I do.
But I have to go away
for a little bit.
How long?
The truth is,
I don't really know.
If you leave today, I can't...
I can't wait for you.
Not anymore.
(crying):
I'll always...
always love you.
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(sighs)
♪ ♪
It should be right
off this trail.
Over here.
I think I see it.
♪ ♪
(exhales)
MAN:
Holy mother lode!
Take everything.
♪ ♪
Zingiber zerumet-- it's great
for hair masks and conditioners.
WOMAN (gasps): And there's Cocos nucifera--
I can use it for skin toner.
MAN:
And don't forget the eye cream.
I don't believe it!
Vanilla planifolia orchid.
Chanel uses it in theirs.
It retails for $350 an ounce!
(laughs) We might actually make
some real money this year.
♪ ♪
Is that...?
Just get it!
Drop the flower.
Where is it coming from?
Who cares?
♪ ♪
WOMAN:
Oh, my God!
(Hawaii Five-O
theme song plays)
♪ Hawaii Five-O 6x04 ♪
Ka Papahana Holo Pono
(Best Lai
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
♪  ♪
Matter of fact... I'll be
real glad when Williams
gets back on his feet again
so I can drive
my own damn truck.
Yeah, I'm sure
he'll appreciate the sentiment
and the eggplant parm.
Yeah, well,
guy goes under the knife
to save his kid,
the least I can do
is make sure he gets
a decent meal.
Speaking of which,
you got any
plans tonight?
Weird segue.
No, I don't.
Well, good. Renee's taking
the kids to the movies, so...
I figure you and me,
we can go to Rumfire,
have some beers, some pu-pu's...
Okay, stop, stop, stop, stop.
I know what you're doing;
you don't have to do that, okay?
Do what?
What are you talking about?
You don't have
to babysit me, Lou.
Catherine left--
it sucks,
I'm hurting a little bit,
but it's happened before.
A, B, I'm gonna
be fine, all right?
Brother... let me explain
something to you.
There's only one way
to get over a woman
walking out on you, and it
involves you, me and that bar.
Gonna help me
get back on the horse?
No. I just figured we'd go over
there and get good and drunk.
(phone ringing)
Why? What'd you have in mind?
Hold on.
Yeah, McGarrett.
Yeah. We're on the way.
No, we're not.
I'm on the way.
I got this.
Go make sure our boy's okay.
You sure?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Just don't go hogging
all the credit for the eggplant parm,
would you?
Guess what? You get to drive
your truck after all. Congratulations!
Lucky day.
Manager from a local
dealership called it in.
Turns out those two were trying
to buy a $90,000 sports car
with counterfeit cash.
Ah, but here's where
it gets interesting.
The lab says that the money came
from the same batch of bills
that your old friend
Miko Mosley was printing
in his bathroom.
Yeah, well, Miko was dropping
that money all over the Island
before he was killed-- guess
it was just a matter of time
before some of it
started turning up.
Okay, well, how does it all
end up with these two dimwits?
L-Like we told the sergeant, we
didn't know the money was fake.
We believe you.
Thank you.
But here's
the problem.
The person
that printed that money--
who, by the way, is dead--
was trying to use
it to bankroll
a drug operation, which is why we need
to know how it ended up with you.
GROVER: You don't think
we believe you had all
that money on you from selling
that crazy beatnik hand cream,
do you?
Okay, look, we found the money
in the Makua Forest.
We can... show you where.
CHIN: So not only
do you two take money
that doesn't belong to you,
but you also decide to bury
the body.
We were trying
to be respectful.
Get these two idiots
out of here.
What do you got, Max?
No I.D. on the Vic.
C.O.D. was a single carbon arrow
through the chest.
Pierced the sternum
and punctured the heart.
I estimate T.O.D. to be
between 4:00 and 6:00 a.m.
Murder by bow and arrow.
That's kind of a unique M.O.
for this century.
You know what, though?
I can understand the appeal.
Arrows are quiet, untraceable,
accurate from a distance.
So, we got
a remote location,
middle of the night.
I'm thinking maybe
it could've been a money drop.
And maybe the killer,
seeing right away
that the money is counterfeit,
just leaves it here.
Or maybe it wasn't
about the money at all.
Maybe he just red our victim out here,
shot him from a distance,
and it was actually a
carefully planned-out hit.
Whatever the case may be,
this funny money
is starting to become a magnet
for dead bodies.
It's now directly or indirectly
tied to three murders.
(bell dings)
♪ ♪
So, where are we going,
gentlemen?
You'll know
when we get there.
(exhales)
Little cliché,
I know.
Personally, I would have
preferred to meet over tea,
but in this case
I'm afraid it was impossible.
Tom Bishop.
I work for Goro Shioma.
You're not Japanese.
You're very perceptive.
So am I here about the money...
or the men who were shot
outside my home?
We're satisfied you had
nothing to do with that hit.
As for the money...
out of respect
to your late father,
Mr. Shioma wants to resolve
the situation peacefully.
And for that I am grateful.
But it has been weeks...
and he's grown impatient.
I'm sure you
can understand that.
Listen, I have friends...
looking for Gabriel Waincroft
as we speak.
I'm aware of your relationship
to Five-O.
In the meantime,
we've been pursuing
our own leads.
(speaking Japanese)
This is Aaron James,
one of Gabriel Waincroft's
most trusted soldiers.
If anyone knows Gabriel's
whereabouts, it's him.
I find it hard to believe
you brought me here
just to watch you
beat the information
out of him.
Like I said,
you're very perceptive.
No, we're not
gonna question him.
You are.
(exhales)
(sighs)
MAX:
Gentlemen,
unfortunately your victim
is still a John Doe.
No hits on the fingerprint
or DNA.
I mean, I ran a facial rec
across all databases.
Unfortunately, there were no matches.
So this guy
gets it with close
to a million dollars
in counterfeit money on him.
You would think he'd at least
have some kind of rap sheet.
Or at least be in the system
for something, right?
Judging from his appearance
and lack of any records,
I'd say it's more than likely
he was homeless.
Oh, quite the contrary, Lieutenant.
(sighs):
Vintage Rolex, designer clothes.
All the items found on your victim's body
were high-end.
My best guess would be mid-80s.
Looks to me like this guy
didn't get out much.
That's an understatement.
Blood work shows
there was a severe deficiency
in vitamin D
due to lack of sun exposure.
That's hard to pull off in Hawaii.
So, this guy,
he hasn't been in the sun
or bought clothes
since Reagan was president.
That sounds like
someone who doesn't want to be found.
How does this guy
end up suddenly
in the middle of nowhere
with an arrow
sticking out of his chest
and close to a million dollars
in fake money?
Look, if he was off the grid
for 30 years,
we need to find out what
he looked like back in the day.
That could give us the I.D.
that we're looking for.
MAX: Age progression software
uses sophisticated modeling
to predict visual changes
in a person as they get older.
However,
the software can be used
to age-reverse a subject
as well.
GROVER:
Can it bring back my Afro?
I think my old lady
would dig it.
(beeping)
CHIN:
Hold on, stop it right there.
What, you recognize this guy?
Yeah.
You know what?
Call Jerry.
He's gonna love this.
CHIN: Our vic's name
is Harrison Crane,
and at one point,
he was the richest man
in Hawaii.
That is, until he pulled
a Howard Hughes
and dropped off
the face of the planet.
Other than a few unconfirmed
sightings, no one's seen
or heard from the guy
in over 20 years.
So one day the guy's
on the cover
of the society pages,
and the next day
he just up and vanishes?
How come?
That's one of the Island's
great unsolved mysteries.
And as contributing author
to Crane's Wikipedia page,
I can tell you
there are a lot of theories.
Some say he fled the country
to dodge the IRS,
others think
it was a psychotic break,
and there are some
who have posited
that it could have been
an abduction.
And by "abduction,"
I mean alien abduction.
Clearly, the guy was holed up
somewhere on the Island.
Well, he did have properties
all over Oahu.
He was actually the sole heir
to a real estate fortune
worth millions--
except that when he died,
there was no one left
to manage any of it.
Yeah, we're talking
primo properties
in Kahala and Waimanalo,
completely abandoned
and left to fall into disrepair.
To this day,
you can find homeless people
squatting
in vacant beachfront mansions
Crane never even bothered
to evict.
Which pissed off the neighbors
when they saw
their property values take a nosedive.
GROVER: Well, hell, that
sounds like a good motive.
You take a bath on your house,
the whole thing is Crane's
fault-- you figure out
a way to draw him out
and kill him.
Yeah, I'm not so sure
about that.
I just came from the lab.
So, they matched the DNA
off the arrow to a recently
released ex-con named Ano Kahue.
When the cops went
to pick him up,
he immediately confessed.
He said that he was
out hunting and he saw
what he thought was a boar
moving through the brush.
When he discovered
he'd killed Crane,
he panicked and fled the scene.
And he left all
that money there?
Yeah, when
I asked him about that,
he said that killing Crane
was an accident
but taking the money
would have been stealing.
Ex-con with a moral compass.
KONO: He also
offered to take
a polygraph,
so I'm inclined to believe him.
Okay, so our murder was
actually a hunting accident.
Still doesn't explain
what Crane was doing
in the middle of nowhere with
a million in counterfeit cash.
Uh, turns out
there is someone we know
that might actually have
some answers.
The lab found
some prints
on a bunch of the bills.
(beeping)
Remember this weasel?
Gerard Hirsch.
Shady art appraiser.
And, if I recall
correctly,
he was quite smitten with you.
Uh, sure,
until he realized I was a cop
and he either had to cooperate
or go to jail.
Yeah, well,
either way,
looks like this bird
hasn't learned his lesson yet.
No, HPD busted him
with a bunch of forgeries.
He just got out of Halawa
last month.
All right,
how do we find him now?
♪ ♪
MAN:
Well, Jordan, you are a man
of many varied interests.
You know something, buddy?
This one's on the house today.
How about that, huh?
Huh? You like that?
Thank you.
Thanks for visiting
our island.
Officer Kalakaua, I see you're
displaying your badge today.
Ah. Yeah. You know,
when your P.O.
said you'd be here,
we expected to find you
sipping Moet by the pool.
Not this.
What can I say?
Times are tough.
The particulars of my parole
forbid me from participating
in any art transactions.
KONO: Isn't this
technically
an art transaction?
Really?
You're gonna write me up
for selling caricatures
for 30 bucks a pop.
$30?! I should. Right now.
No, we got you
on something much bigger.
Let's go.
WOMAN:
Doesn't make sense.
In the 15 years
I've worked here,
(camera shutter clicking)
Mr. Crane never once left the property.
When was the last time
you saw him?
A few months ago, maybe.
I leave his meals
and laundry
by the door
to his quarters.
If he needs something,
he just leaves me a note.
CHIN:
So you're saying
you've never been inside?
As far as I know,
no one other than Mr. Crane
has ever stepped foot
beyond that door.
Yeah?
Well, that's about to change.
Well, Crane
obviously didn't keep up
with the latest decorating
trends, but, uh,
the man was quite tidy.
This place is like
a time capsule.
(clicking)
If I pass out...
take over filming for me.
Jerry, you do know
that the crime lab
is gonna take pictures
of everything, right?
Oh, these are
for my personal collection.
GROVER: I'll tell you, man,
I've seen some crazy
in my day, but what kind
of guy just up and decides
he wants to live like this?
Someone with a severe case
of OCD.
Take a look. Book,
comb, glasses, pen and watch.
Random items... yet
they're arranged alphabetically.
Yeah, and look
at these cans.
It looks like a grocery store in
here, all the labels facing out.
JERRY:
This is a person who is obsessed
with getting things in order.
GROVER: Oh, that goes a long way
to explain
why he was so terrified
of the outside world.
Lou.
Yeah?
You notice what's different
about these pictures here?
They're the only ones
that aren't ancient.
Everything else
is from before
Crane went full recluse.
This guy has no family,
and up until a day ago
he never even left the house.
Why is he holding on
to this girl's picture?
CHIN: I don't know.
But these photos
do look like
they were taken recently,
so if we can find her,
maybe we can get some answers.
Yeah.
Who's the homeless
dead guy?
All right,
don't insult us.
You know it's
Harrison Crane.
And we know the two of you
have been
in contact with
each other.
I believe you're mistaken.
In fact, I'm quite sure
that no one
has been in contact with Crane
for quite some time.
That guy made J.D. Salinger
look like a social butterfly.
You done?
Okay, good.
Maybe you can explain to us
how your prints got
on almost $900,000 worth
of counterfeit cash that he had
on his person when he died.
Hold up.
Counterfeit?
That little weasel.
Sorry?
A few weeks ago
I sold some paintings
to this gangster wannabe
named Miko Mosley.
Yes, I've been
dealing art again.
Put me in solitary.
Anyway, Mosley paid me in cash,
cash that I in turn
gave to Crane.
But I had no idea
that money was fake.
Okay, wait. So you
can identify phony artwork
but not currency?
My dear,
spotting a bogus van Gogh
is one thing;
a bogus Benjamin is
a different skill set.
Okay, today we don't care
about counterfeit cash,
we don't care
about parole violations--
we want to know about Crane
and what the money was for.
A painting.
Crane called me
late last night.
He was trying to unload
this very lovely Edward Hopper
that I actually had sold him
25 years ago
back when
I was first starting out.
He offered
to sell it to me cheap,
like way below what
he could get for it at auction.
I thought he was kidding, but...
sure enough,
I showed up with the cash,
and I left his house with the painting.
Okay, wait.
There's plenty legitimate
art dealers out there,
so why come to you?
Well, he said he needed
the money right away.
And it had to be in cash.
For others,
that was a deal breaker.
(phone ringing)
He was desperate.
I see, uh, someone
put a ring on that.
Yeah, beat you to it.
Unlucky you.
STEVE (over radio): Chin, what do you got?
Well, looks like Crane may not
have been as cut off from
the outside world as we thought.
We found several recent
photographs of a young woman
at his place--
facial rec I.D.'d her
as Laura Ioane, 30 years old,
local.
Okay, what's Crane's
connection to Laura?
I'm not sure, because
we can't seem to find her.
Her cell phone's turned off
and her boss says
she didn't turn up
to work this morning.
Hey. That McGarrett?
Yeah.
All right, check this out.
Crane has a landline here
and it hadn't been used
in years, until last night
he gets a phone call
from a burner cell.
Right after that,
he calls this Laura
six times in a row-- all
the calls went unanswered.
Hold on a minute.
We got six frantic
phone calls to a woman
that we can't find?
That's right-- followed
by our Vic headed out
to this secluded spot
with a bag full of money.
The whole thing adds up
to just one thing.
Crane was on his way
to a ransom drop.
This is a kidnapping.
Jimmy, keep him on ice for me.
You got it, Commander.
All right.
Let me know.
All right, so the burner the kidnapper
used had been turned off.
CSU will track it if it powers back up.
Our biggest problem
right now is the media--
we cannot let the news
of Crane's death
get leaked, okay?
If the kidnapper finds out
Crane's body's in the morgue,
he's gonna cut his losses
and kill Laura.
It's been hours
since Crane
missed the ransom drop--
our kidnapper's gonna know
something went wrong.
Yeah, the kidnapper
also knows that he chose
an unpredictable, eccentric target.
My guess, he's gonna
practice patience,
eventually he's gonna call back.
In the meantime,
we need to figure out what
the connection between Laura
and Crane is.
Her name is Laura Ioane.
You know her?
Did something happen?
KONO:
She was kidnapped.
Your client was called
to pay the ransom,
but he was killed
before he could deliver it.
♪ ♪
Counselor,
I'm sorry that
we have to be the ones
to deliver this information,
sir, but we need to know
about the connection between
your... your client and Laura.
Yeah.
Laura's mother Peggy
was a waitress
at a coffee shop in Waipahu
Harrison used to frequent
back in the '70s.
They became
romantically involved.
It didn't last long.
Once Harrison's issues
started getting in the way,
he ended it.
But Peggy was always
his one true love,
and after she died,
Harrison took it upon himself
to provide for her daughter.
Laura's father
was a deadbeat,
and so Harrison directed me
to set up a trust in her name.
At the time,
he did this solely
out of his love for Peggy,
but as the years went by,
he grew quite fond of Laura.
And then the two stayed
in touch, trading letters.
Who else knows about this?
I honestly
couldn't say.
Harrison didn't speak
to very many people,
(chuckles): especially
in recent years.
And, uh, of course, I was barred from
ever mentioning Laura to anyone.
What about Laura?
Was there anything
to stop her from discussing
her connection to Crane?
Well, it's no secret
Harrison guarded his privacy,
so I imagine Laura would have
respected that--
but to answer your question,
no, she could have told
whomever she wanted.
You know, not long ago...
I was in the same
predicament you are.
So I know what's going
through your mind.
Stall for time.
Right now that's
what it's all about.
I'm not stalling.
I've told you everything.
You've given me some
light background
on Gabriel's organization.
That's trivial.
What I need...
is Gabriel's
present location.
Not where he was last week
or where he's gonna be in a month.
I don't know
how many different ways
I can say it,
but I can't give you information
that I don't have.
I don't believe you.
More importantly,
those men out there--
they don't believe you.
If you want to get out of
here alive and in one piece,
you'll tell me what
I want to know.
If you don't,
they'll kill you.
Adam.
You're getting nowhere.
You want to break this guy,
it's gonna take more than words.
Threats mean nothing
to a man like this.
And by the way,
don't think for a second
that if he walks out of here
he's not gonna come after you,
because he will.
He'll come after you
and everyone you care about.
Starting with that
lovely wife of yours.
That supposed to scare me?
The Ivy League boy
who gave up everything
for some piece of ass
is gonna get rough?
Please.
Where is Gabriel?
Where is he?!
You can keep doing this
until your hand breaks
and you're gonna
keep getting the same answer.
Let's find out.
All right, thanks.
Okay, so a search of Laura's
apartment came up empty.
No signs of a
break-in or struggle.
Okay, clearly, the abduction
happened elsewhere.
Let's get location data from
her cell carrier, all right?
That's gonna give us a list
of places that Laura
went to frequently.
Chances are she got picked up
from one of them.
Copy that. HPD's also
looking into Laura's friends
and relatives, cross-referencing
for any criminal records.
Okay, good.
Jerry...
You all right?
KONO: What's the matter?
Take a look.
Details are sketchy,
but we can confirm the body
of reclusive real estate magnate
Harrison Crane
was found in Makua Forest
early this morning.
A police investigation
is underway
and we're hearing reports
that this may have been
a hunting accident.
However, there's
no official statement from
the Honolulu Police Department.
She's probably dead already,
isn't she?
Mr. Crane had no known family
and hadn't been seen
or heard from
in more than 20 years.
One silk handkerchief,
one fountain pen,
one set of keys,
one cell phone.
Sign here.
And this thing has been
ringing like crazy.
Thanks.
(phone rings)
Go for Gerard.
KIDNAPPER: You should really
answer your phone, Mr. Hirsch.
Who is this?
Shut up and listen to me
very carefully.
KONO:
So he wants the painting?
Yes, and he threatened
to kill this Laura Ioane woman
and come after me
if I don't hand it over.
That's a pretty desperate play.
My question is how did he even
know about the Hopper?
Well, he probably had Crane
under surveillance
from the moment
he put this thing in motion.
If that's the case,
last night when you went
to Crane's house he would have
you leave with the painting.
Well, he said he would call back
with a time and place
for the drop.
Well, that's perfect.
When he does,
you keep him talking,
we'll run a trace.
What we have to do, though,
is get the painting back.
So where is it now?
Actually,
I don't have it anymore.
I flipped it to a collector
this morning.
Then get it back.
That might prove difficult.
This particular collector
is not what I would call
a friend of law enforcement.
In fact, he's
a Russian crime lord.
Alexander Kozlov.
I never heard of him.
Well, if you had, he wouldn't be
doing his job very well.
Well, crime lord or not,
we need to get that painting.
We could try appealing
to his better angels,
but I think that's a nonstarter.
Or we could just take it back.
That's a much better plan.
Assuming the painting
is still on the island.
What?
Why wouldn't it be?
Because there's a good chance
that Kozlov's people
were planning
to smuggle it out today.
I forgot
to mention this earlier,
but the Hopper actually
fell off the back of a truck
25 years ago.
It's a stolen piece.
Anything else?
Look, if this painting
disappears,
then our girl dies.
(horn blares)
Is your foot even on the gas?
There's a reason we always
take Danny's car, okay?
KONO:
I see why.
(speaks Russian)
Uh, they wouldn't just toss
a $3 million painting
out the window.
Hold on.
Out of the car!
KONO:
There it is, center lane!
(horn blaring)
Go over there.
Careful!
Steve!
All right, get
him in here.
Hirsch, let's go.
You're up.
This it?
Well...
STEVE:
Is this the Hopper?
Yep, that's it.
Good as new.
So I guess my work
is done here, right?
Not quite.
This is hideous.
Put it on.
You don't have a choice.
If you're gonna
make a shirt
with a built-in wire,
why can't it be
practical
and stylish?
This shirt just might
save your life.
If it doesn't,
don't let me get buried in it.
Okay, how does it look?
Honestly?
You look fine.
Okay, so, look,
we'll be listening in
and have eyes on you
the whole time.
First sign of trouble,
we move in.
Can I at least wear
a bulletproof vest?
Why? If they shoot you,
it'll be in the head.
Oh, terrific. Well what if I say
no to all this-- what then?
Then Laura dies and you
go to jail for a very long time.
But if you pull this off,
I will personally
make sure that
all the outstanding charges
against you disappear.
You know, you're the reason
I'm in all this mess
to begin with.
If you hadn't
honeypotted me,
I never would have
fallen for that sting.
I'm sorry-- honey-what?
You used your feminine
charms to entrap me.
I was just doing my job.
Maybe so.
But you can't deny there's...
something between us.
(phone ringing)
It's him.
Okay, you're on.
Hello?
KIDNAPPER:
Do you have the painting?
Yes.
Good.
Take the 22 bus
to Waikiki beach.
Get off at Ohua.
And make sure you come alone.
Wait, um...
how do I find you?
Keep your phone on.
Uh...
(click)
Okay. Let's go.
Got him. Okay,
be advised,
Hirsch just landed.
Copy. I got eyes on him.
Yeah, same here.
CHIN:
Facial rec is up and running.
We're live scanning the crowd
right now.
Nobody moves
until the drop is done
and the kidnapper
has the package in hand.
KONO:
Where is this guy?
(phone rings)
Hello?
KIDNAPPER:
Cross the street.
STEVE:
Okay, Hirsch is on the move.
Copy that.
He's crossing Kalakaua
at Ohua.
Kidnapper's got a signal bouncer
on his phone. We can't trace it.
KIDNAPPER:
The restaurant at the corner.
Head inside.
GROVER:
Hey, we're about to lose visual.
All right, everybody
hold your positions, all right?
Do not blow cover.
Okay, I'm here.
KIDNAPPER:
Give your name to the hostess--
she's expecting you.
(hangs up)
He hung up.
Hello.
Hi.
Gerard Hirsch.
That was fast.
Your friend just called
to say you'd be picking it up.
Must have fallen
out of his pocket at the bar.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
(phone rings)
KIDNAPPER:
Well done. Now dump the phone
you came in with
and head to the gift shop.
You're gonna
buy some new clothes.
Guys, what's going on here?
CHIN: Hirsch should still
be in there. GPS on his phone
show he hasn't moved.
If this deal goes down inside,
we're gonna
lose this guy.
We lost audio.
His wire's down.
Kono, move in.
KONO: Copy that.
STEVE:
Lou, back her up.
You got it.
What do you got?
Guys, I'm not seeing him.
STEVE:
Keep looking.
KIDNAPPER: That's good.
Keep walking straight.
When you get to the corner,
you're gonna turn right.
Now keep moving until you get to
the park bench facing the ocean.
I see it.
The guy feeding the pigeons--
sit down next to him.
Okay. What now?
Leave the bag
and walk away.
When I know
I'm not being followed,
we'll release the girl.
GROVER:
Guys, I got Hirsch.
He just passed Uluniu
and he's headed south.
He changed
his clothes.
He's over there!
Kidnapper's on the move.
He's headed right to you.
We're moving in.
Move!
Hey!
Stop right there! Five-O!
(horn honking)
(tires screeching)
(panting)
He's dead.
Laura's not here.
Thanks.
Got his phone.
Already checked him for I.D.'s.
Got nothing.
No registration papers either.
It's because it was stolen.
It was called in this morning.
Let's get CSU out here. See if
we can get an I.D. on this guy.
If we can get an I.D.,
maybe we can get an address,
find where he's holding Laura...
GROVER: Gotta see this.
...maybe find an accomplice
he's been partnered with.
Wait. He does have a partner.
KONO:
How do you know?
He told me.
He said once he knows
he's not being followed,
"we'll release the girl."
Okay, so the partner
is sitting on Laura,
waiting to hear
that the drop went down.
Look at this.
The last ten calls
made from this phone
went to the same number.
CHIN: "Mom"?
GROVER:
What kind of kidnapper
loves his mother
that much?
Let's
find out.
(line ringing)
WOMAN:
Did you get it?
Mikey, are you there?
You recognize that voice?
(line clicks)
(sirens wailing)
(indistinct police transmission)
Don't move!
Where is he?
Where's my son?
Where's
Laura?
Tell us now.
Grover, stay on her. Chin,
Kono, follow me. We're
gonna search every inch
of this place. She's got
to be here somewhere.
Turn around.
That man trusted you.
And you betrayed him.
He shut the whole world out
but let you in.
What, did you find out
about Laura?
Saw an opportunity to get
yourself a little payday?
All about the money.
I just wanted to help my son.
You don't
understand.
My Mikey had it rough
his whole life.
Always deserved
better.
I just wanted to
give him a chance.
We were never gonna hurt her.
Chin! Kono!
We need to move this.
Go.
(indistinct radio chatter)
(men grunting)
(sobbing)
STEVE: Laura, it's okay.
We're Five-O.
You're gonna be
all right.
♪ ♪
(sobbing)
It's okay.
We got you.
(Laura continues sobbing)
STEVE: It's okay.
(indistinct radio chatter
continues)
It's okay.
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(panting)
So what do you think?
He's telling the truth-- he
doesn't know where Gabriel is.
Okay. Well, we tried, right?
Right.
(gunshot)
I'm afraid it's all on you now.
We can't just wait around for
Gabriel Waincroft to surface.
That day may never come.
So as of now, the clock's
officially ticking.
Mr. Shioma wants
what you owe him.
And he wants it soon.
How the hell does Goro expect me
to come up
with that kind of money?
My business is gone.
I could sell everything I have,
and it wouldn't be close
to enough.
You'll figure it out.
And then you'll do
whatever's necessary,
even if it means
getting your hands dirty.
I think you proved today
that you're capable of that.
♪ ♪
GROVER:
Good.
You got your chicken bones.
That's good.
Beautiful thing.
Yours, too.
That's good, right?
Got my rifle there in case my...
KONO: Hey, hey.
(low, indistinct chatter)
GROVER:
You look nice.
Hey!
CHIN: Look who's here.
JERRY: Hey, boss.
I see you spread the word.
I might have mentioned
it in passing.
CHIN: Come on, Steve,
we're here for you.
Yeah, man,
as long as Lou's paying.
Aw, see, that's wrong.
I like the sound of that.
Yeah, I'll bet.
What's he doing here?
What are you doing here?
I came bearing gifts.
Look at that.
That's cute.
Made one for you, too.
(others laughing)
KONO:
Detail's amazing.
You might have gone
a little overboard on the abs.
HIRSCH: I had to use
my imagination a little bit.
GROVER: Excuse me, ma'am.
Excuse me, miss, can you get
this gentleman a beer, please?
He's got some
catching up to do.
Thank you very much.
Hey, so I just got back
from the hospital.
I saw Danny and little Charlie,
and, uh, they're both
doing really good.
The doctor said
they should be out
in the next couple of days.
GROVER: Great.
Good to hear. Awesome.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
12:00 brunette.
She's checking you out.
Scrumptious.
I had my eye on her earlier,
but I'll stand down.
JERRY: Uh, no offense
to Steve, but
I don't think he's the
one she's interested in.
Who is it?
KONO: Oh, my God,
that's Jerry Rice.
Oh, from
Dancing with the Stars.
What the hell
is the matter with you?
That's Jerry Rice,
the number one,
greatest-of-all-time,
NFL wide receiver,
13-time Pro Bowler.
Three Super Bowls
for the San Francisco 49ers.
Played alongside my cousin's
husband Jesse Sapolu.
Oh. I don't
follow baseball.
Excuse me, sir?
Mr. Rice, excuse me?
I'm so sorry to
bother you, sir. Uh,
a really good friend
of ours-- he's, uh...
His son is actually in
the hospital right now
recovering from a bone
marrow transplant.
And he's a huge fan. I'm
really sorry to bother you, but
if you could
spare an autograph,
it would really make
his day, it'd mean a lot.
Yeah, what's the kid's name?
It's actually for our friend.
Uh, he's-he's the dad.
He's the donor.
Okay, what's your friend's name?
His name is Danny.
All right.
I appreciate
this so much.
Thank you.
Oh, no problem.
You're gonna make the guy's day.
There you go. No problem.
Jerry, we're so super stoked
that the Pro Bowl's coming back
to Oahu this year.
Hey, me, too, brother.
Came here 13 times as a player.
Got to captain
the winning team in 2014.
And, you know,
paradise never gets old.
Mm-hmm, that's right.
That's right. Mm-hmm.
Well, we'll be rooting
for your squad this year.
Yeah, I appreciate that.
Thank you.
Hey, you got time
to take a quick picture
with us?
Sure.
GROVER: Let's go.
Bring it in.
Come on, y'all.
Hirsch can take it.
Okay.
If you have a minute, I could draw it.
KONO: Just take the
picture, Picasso.
All right. Okay.
Everyone say... "Aloha!"
ALL:
Aloha!
(camera shutter clicking)
(crickets chirping)
(ice clinking)
(door closes)
KONO: Adam, I see you made it home
from the clinic okay.
Hey.
Hi.
How was PT?
It was good.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Everything okay?
Yeah, everything's great.
Best part of my day.
Okay.
(sighs)
== sync, corrected by elderman ==
@elder_man
My Mikey had it rough
his whole life.
Always deserved
better.
I just wanted to
give him a chance.
We were never gonna hurt her.
Chin! Kono!
We need to move this.
Go.
(indistinct radio chatter)
(men grunting)
(sobbing)
STEVE: Laura, it's okay.
We're Five-O.
You're gonna be
all right.
♪ ♪
(sobbing)
It's okay.
We got you.
(Laura continues sobbing)
STEVE: It's okay.
(indistinct radio chatter
continues)
It's okay.
♪ ♪
(grunts)
(panting)
So what do you think?
He's telling the truth-- he
doesn't know where Gabriel is.
Okay. Well, we tried, right?
Right.
(gunshot)
I'm afraid it's all on you now.
We can't just wait around for
Gabriel Waincroft to surface.
That day may never come.
So as of now, the clock's
officially ticking.
Mr. Shioma wants
what you owe him.
And he wants it soon.
How the hell does Goro expect me
to come up
with that kind of money?
My business is gone.
I could sell everything I have,
and it wouldn't be close
to enough.
You'll figure it out.
And then you'll do
whatever's necessary,
even if it means
getting your hands dirty.
I think you proved today
that you're capable of that.
♪ ♪
GROVER:
Good.
You got your chicken bones.
That's good.
Beautiful thing.
Yours, too.
That's good, right?
Got my rifle there in case my...
KONO: Hey, hey.
(low, indistinct chatter)
GROVER:
You look nice.
Hey!
CHI
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org